---
layout:     post
title:      Extroverted introvert
date:       2017-03-23
summary:    by Stanley Semilla
tags:       article
---

<p>Written by Stanley Semilla</p>

<h4>1. YOU'RE GREAT WITH PEOPLE</h4>
As an extroverted introvert, you know how to work a party.<br />
-- Truth be told, I know how to adjust and fit in. I can talk, and do the same thing as the group does. Most of the time, I compromise just to feel in the group.
<br />

<h4>2. UNTIL YOU'RE NOT</h4>
Extroverted introverts reach a point in any social situation where they've had enough.<br />
-- Yes. There's a limit for me. It can be time that I've spent with the group. Or everyone's becoming too comfortable with each other. Or I've reached my quota of talking, and mingling with people.
<br />

<h4>3. YOU PREFER ONE-ON-ONE</h4>
Communication with another person one-on-one is usually the favourite type of interaction for an extroverted introvert.<br />
-- Of course. I thought this personality is for everyone. Apparently, it's not. I'd prefer one-on-ones, for the sake of sincerity and integrity between the two persons involved. It gives me an opportunity to open up, and disclose anything that can be disclosed.
<br />

<h4>4. YOU HAVE SOCIAL ANXIETY</h4>
No matter how many times an extroverted introvert makes a great impression in a social situation, social anxiety always rears its head in the hours (or days) before the next time you're required to be "on" for a crowd.<br />
-- I'm sure I've had these several times. People tend to feel that I'm not a socially-awkward person. Others even think that I am an extrovert. But no, there's anxiety and loneliness in being with a crowd. I tend to compare myself. I get to witness how others live their lives. And it sucks to be that person thinking about everyone in the crowd.
<br />

<h4>5. YOU LOVE BEING ALONE</h4>
Extroverted introverts don't understand anyone who is uncomfortable being alone.<br />
-- Now I understand. I remember deciding going to Siargao for a month. Yes, a month. Alone. And this friend of mine told me, "that's just sad". I can't seem to understand what's sad about that. She would always tell me that what I'm doing is one of the saddest thing a man can do.
<br />

<h4>6. BUT STILL GET LONELY</h4>
Just because you're good on your own, doesn't mean it's always good for you.<br />
-- Haha. Yes, I know I'm a lonely man. So I do my best to mingle with people. And yes, I love my own personal space. Same with work. That's why I'm on a remote job. I'm that work-from-home guy. I work alone. I do things on my own.
<br />

<h4>7. YOU CAN MEET ANYBODY</h4>
Extroverted introverts are good at meeting others' parents, partners, girlfriends and boyfriends, bosses, you name it. They could even meet the Duchess of Cambridge and probably make her laugh.<br />
-- Kaladkarin. That's what they call me. I can meet anyone. Even watch a movie, eat dinner, get some drinks, etc. I am just good at doing those. I have no fear meeting anyone. Even complete strangers.
<br />

<h4>8. YOU FIND FRIENDSHIPS THAT NEED MAINTENANCE EXHAUSTING</h4>
The ideal friend for an extroverted introvert is one that isn't demanding.<br />
-- Again, I thought everyone had this. But hey, who wants a demanding friendship anyway? Well, recently I realized friendships are demanding. It requires time and effort to be maintained. I'll do my best to work on it.
<br />

<h4>9. SOMETIMES YOU'RE BAD AT MESSAGING</h4>
On any given day, an extroverted introvert might feel like complete solitude. That means no replying to messages and texts, and they'll only pick up the phone if they think it's important.<br />
-- YES. And it is affecting my job. I don't see the need of communicating with everyone. Not just for a day, sometimes for weeks. But again, I'm trying. Trying to be that guy who responds. And responds well.
<br />

<h4>10. YOU DON'T LIKE COMPLIMENTS</h4>
Sure, extroverted introverts like making a good impression and want to be noticed.<br />
-- I like what I'm doing, and I'll do my best to have the best output. I like others complimenting, but don't let me know about it. Talk to other people about my work and me. But don't tell it to me directly.
<br />

<h4>11. YOU'RE HAPPIEST IN CAFES</h4>
-- NO FURTHER QUESTIONS YOUR HONOR. Check out my <a href="https://instagram.com/arawarawkape">@arawarawkape</a> adventure.
<br />

<h4>12. YOU LIKE GOING OUT, BUT THEN YOU WANT TO GHOST</h4>
Extroverted introverts do enjoy going out with friends and being social.<br />
-- Because I'm your ninja friend.