---
layout:     post
title:      Get It Now
date:       2017-03-16
summary:    by Richard N. Semilla
tags:       devotion
---

In 1995, my brother-in-law asked me if I want his Volkswagen, super beetle, 1972 model. He told me that I can use it for ministry in La Union. I was a bit shy like a boy because I never expected such an offer for free. He further said, “Get it now.” I got it and used it for ministry for many years and even till this day.
<br /><br />
And moving from Baguio City to La Union was a move of following the Lord. If I didn’t get God’s offer to serve in La Union and follow Him, I may have missed a lot of opportunities and God’s favor in my life.
<br /><br />
Faith is moved by the saying, “Get it now or you may never have another chance.” Faith is always willing to take the risk no matter how tough the obstacles or how difficult the challenges are. Faith is ready to make ultimate sacrifice with gladness, to take advantage of the present in order to gain the future. Faith views opportunities as favor from the Lord. Faith can weigh possibilities, look for alternatives but it is always ready to take risk even when it hurts or when the road seems unclear.
<br /><br />
Hebrews 11:8 says, “By faith, Abraham obeyed when he was called to go out to a place which he was to receive as an inheritance; and he went out, not knowing where he was to go.”
<br /><br />
One thing that we can learn from Abraham and other heroes of faith is that they live in view of the future to gain both the future and the present. They did not dwell on the temporary but focused on what is permanent. They lived their lives on the basis of God’s character and promises to gain something about their future. They are not stocked in mediocrity of blaming the past, or complaining about what is present, but focus on the One who have called them. That’s faith.
<br /><br />
Never miss something in your life just because you did not take risk. That’s regret. If you want to experience joy and inner motivation, get God’s offer now and trust Him to bless your life. Don’t worry what’s next. Just trust Him. Take the risk!
<br /><br /><br /><br />
** Richard N. Semilla is my dad, a pastor from FBC La Union.